Title: 11 Fantasy Football Injuries to Know for Waiver Wire Pickups
Author: by Andrew Swanson |  4 min read
Date: @Roto_Wizard
URL: https://www.fantasypros.com/2025/10/11-fantasy-football-injuries-to-know-for-waiver-wire-pickups-week-6/
Section: articles
Source URL: https://www.fantasypros.com/nfl/articles/
Tags: Articles, Weekly Advice, NFL, Waiver Wire NFL
Scraped: 2025-10-07T22:33:13.576646

==================================================

Another week of NFL football and fantasy football injuries to know.
Whenever it gets to be the end of a school quarter, I know the exact conversation that I’ll have with my oldest son. It typically starts with:
“So, how was school today, buddy? I saw that you were supposed to bring home your report card today?”
“Well, about that. I have good news and bad news…”
He’s long learned to tell me the bad news
first,
since ending with the positives often tends to sugarcoat things. Smart kid.
For the vast majority of Week 5, there were no significant injuries to report, and the bulk of this article was going to focus on updates to
existing
injuries, rather than adding anything new. So much for that. A rash of updates on Monday morning provided less-than-positive news, leading to a busier-than-expected
fantasy football waiver wire
run. Here is the latest information we have to share from around the league.
More Waiver Wire Pickups
Weekly Fantasy Football Expert Rankings
Fantasy Football Start/Sit Advice
Fantasy Football Trade Tools
Fantasy Football Injuries to Know
Quarterback
Lamar Jackson (QB – BAL)
Lamar Jackson
missed Week 5 against Houston with a hamstring strain, but Jay Glazer reported on Sunday that he has an “outside shot” to play in Week 6 against the Los Angeles Rams. With Baltimore currently sitting on a 1-4 record, there is certainly pressure for Jackson to return in short order. Fantasy managers must be aware that the Ravens have a bye in Week 7, so if the team isn’t confident that Jackson is fully healthy, they would likely opt to provide him with another two weeks of rest.
Fantasy Impact
: Backup
Cooper Rush
was absolutely brutal in Week 5, throwing three interceptions and passing for just 179 yards on 14 completions during Baltimore’s 44-10 loss to Houston. The once hopeful Ravens find themselves in unfamiliar territory, needing to win games ASAP. Keep an eye on practice reports for Lamar Jackson to potentially return, but avoid this team if Rush is under center.
Brock Purdy (QB – SF)
Brock Purdy sat out Week 5 against the Los Angeles Rams while recovering from a turf toe injury, and backup
Mac Jones
continues to play admirably well in his absence. Following an improbable 26-23 overtime victory, head coach Kyle Shanahan stated that Purdy “aggravated” his injury and was currently considered “week to week,” adding, “I don’t know how the toe will heal”.
Fantasy Impact
: Mac Jones has played like a low-end QB1 since stepping up for Purdy, despite a significant lack of offensive weapons outside of
Christian McCaffrey
. His chemistry with wideout
Kendrick Bourne
was evident, and the healthy return of
Jauan Jennings
/
Ricky Pearsall
/
George Kittle
in the upcoming weeks would only boost his value further.
Running Back
Omarion Hampton (RB – LAC)
Omarion Hampton appeared to be clipped by a Washington Commanders defender when running a route in the fourth quarter and was subsequently removed and seen walking off to the locker room. He was spotted in a walking boot after the game’s conclusion, and then news broke on Monday morning that his ankle injury was severe enough that Los Angeles will need to place him on injured reserve (IR), meaning he will miss
at least
the next four games.
Fantasy Impact
: This injury really stinks, since Hampton was truly coming into his own as a bell-cow back for the Chargers.
Hassan Haskins
and
Kimani Vidal
will form a committee in his absence to inherit Hampton’s touches. I’d expect Haskins to receive the bulk of short-yardage, early-down, and goal-line work, with Vidal being utilized as the third-down option and passing-situation back. Both are worth strong bids in all formats due to their expected workload.
Saquon Barkley (RB – NYG)
Saquon Barkley was listed as a non-participant on Monday’s practice report due to a knee injury and general soreness, per The Athletic’s Zach Berman. Philadelphia squares off against divisional rival New York on Thursday Night Football.
Fantasy Impact
: All subsequent reports stated that Saquon Barkley is in no danger of missing Thursday’s game against his former club, but his status should still be monitored. There is a chance that he will see a reduced number of touches if he is dealing with knee soreness.
Bucky Irving (RB – TB)
Bucky Irving was sidelined for Week 5 against Seattle with a left foot sprain, and his fantasy managers were hopeful that this would be a short-term issue that would be a one- or two-week absence, at most. Unfortunately, the updates provided on his status haven’t been positive, with ESPN’s Adam Schefter mentioning that he was
already
expected to miss Week 6 and was also working his way through a severe shoulder sprain.
Fantasy Impact
: Bucky Irving’s managers should be expecting him to miss at least another week of action, with backup
Rachaad White
handling most carries in his absence. Backup
Sean Tucker
has performed well when given an opportunity, and is an interesting add in deeper formats.
Antonio Gibson (RB – NE)
This injury was a real bummer because Antonio Gibson appeared to finally be in line for a dramatic rise in touches, following yet
another
Rhamondre Stevenson
fumble. Gibson was injured while returning a kickoff in the second quarter, taking a low hit directly to his knees. Needing assistance off the field and almost immediately ruled out, further testing revealed that he had suffered a torn ACL and will miss the remainder of 2025.
Fantasy Impact
: With Antonio Gibson now out for all of 2025, further touches will be divided amongst rookie
TreVeyon Henderson
and veteran Rhamondre Stevenson. There is also a chance that
Terrell Jennings
will be recalled from the team’s practice squad. Henderson and Stevenson are rostered in all but the shallowest of formats already.
Wide Receiver
CeeDee Lamb (WR – DAL)
CeeDee Lamb missed the last two weeks while recovering from a high-ankle sprain, but he has already resumed rehab work and has begun to practice lightly. ESPN beat reporter Todd Archer said the team will continue monitoring his reps within practice to determine his availability for Week 6, as Dallas travels to Carolina.
Fantasy Impact
: Should CeeDee Lamb continue to miss action,
George Pickens
will continue operating as the team’s alpha wideout, supported by
Ryan Flournoy
and
Jalen Tolbert
. Kick return specialist and gadget option
KaVontae Turpin
is also dealing with a foot injury that has kept him off the field since Week 4.
Terry McLaurin (WR – WSH)
Terry McLaurin has been dealing with a quadriceps injury since Week 3 and has yet to return to practice. The latest reports from Washington have provided some internal optimism from head coach Dan Quinn, but until “Scary Terry” actually takes the field from Wednesday onward, his status is murky, at best. The Commanders have heavily leaned upon
Deebo Samuel
during McLaurin’s absence, while rotating through tertiary wideouts and tight end
Zach Ertz
to shoulder additional work.
Fantasy Impact
: Dan Quinn has been very straightforward historically regarding injury status to his players, and his optimism shouldn’t be taken lightly. Of course, it is up to Terry McLaurin to get back onto the field for practices, proving that he is back to full strength. Washington has an additional day of rest since it plays on Monday Night against Chicago.
Jauan Jennings (WR – SF)
&
Ricky Pearsall (WR – SF)
Both San Francisco wideouts missed Week 5 against Los Angeles, with Jauan Jennings nursing ankle and rib maladies, and Ricky Pearsall dealing with a sore knee. Beginning with Pearsall, his knee injury was described as a “minor PCL sprain”, and most injury analysts seemed at least hopeful that he would be able to return for Week 6. Information regarding Jennings’ status has been sparse, at best. He was sandwich-tackled by two defenders while making a touchdown reception back in Week 4, and walked off under a great deal of pain. NBC Sports’ Matt Maiocco stated on Monday that Jennings was observed heading in uniform into San Francisco’s weight room, with his helmet in hand. That update at least provides some optimism.
Fantasy Impact
: When both Jauan Jennings and Ricky Pearsall were unable to take the field, veteran Kendrick Bourne went absolutely nuclear (10 receptions for 142 yards on 11 targets) against Los Angeles in Week 5. The team has to be confident that he could step into either role, should his teammates continue to be banged up.
Tight End
Brock Bowers (TE – LV)
Brock Bowers missed his first game of the season in Week 5, unable to play through a PCL injury in his knee. Injury analysts have stated that this is a condition that requires rest to heal properly. Las Vegas head coach Pete Carroll said during his Monday press conference that Bowers was considered “week to week,” suggesting his status for Sunday is questionable, at best, against Tennessee.
Fantasy Impact
: If Brock Bowers is unable to participate in practice this week, fantasy managers should expect
Michael Mayer
to draw the start, assuming he clears the NFL’s concussion protocol. Mayer would be a mid-range TE1 due to expected volume, and a worthwhile streaming pickup for managers looking for assistance during the bye weeks.
Subscribe:
YouTube
|
Spotify
|
Apple Podcasts
|
iHeart
|
Castbox
|
Amazon Music
|
Podcast Addict
|
TuneIn
Articles
NFL
Waiver Wire NFL
Weekly Advice
YouTube
281                                                K
Follow
More Articles
Fantasy Football Kicker Rankings & Start/Sit Advice (Week 6)
by
Andrew Swanson
|  4 min read
Fantasy Football Week 6 Running Back Rankings (2025)
by
FantasyPros Staff
|  2 min read
Fantasy Football Week 6 Wide Receiver Rankings (2025)
by
FantasyPros Staff
|  2 min read
Let’s Stream Defenses: Week 6 (2025 Fantasy Football)
by
Jacob Herlin
|  5 min read